one of the most famous disciplines and with
greater convening power in the
olympic games is that of the diving
it was precisely in this where
we found one of the largest
legends in the history of Olympism its
first name
Gregory Thimios places best known
as greg louganis was born in san diego
california in 1960 and was adopted by
a couple of Greek descent the 2
years studying dance but to
9 he realized that his great passion
I was facing a grave diving
from the day he decided to add
change the dance for the trampolines
a full story began to be written
of success his sports career started
11 years old when the preparer
o'brien invited him to be part of the
old mission swimming club in
california however the debut of
places did not arrive until age 16 in
the olympic games of montreal 1976
this year the gold was hung on platform
of 10 meters and ranked sixth in
trampoline after the triple champion the
Italian Claudio and so unfortunately
to add the American boycott in the
Moscow olympic games 1980
its growth although not by much
time in los angeles-1984 places
He continued with his brilliant career
exceeded the three golds on trampoline di
biasi to be awarded gold on trampoline
and in leverage becoming the
second male diver of the
history in winning two gold metals in
the same games in according to 1988 lugaris
he won his third gold but a terrible
mistake made him hit his head in one
of the jumps
region and fell practically inert to the
water but it came out of the pit and as only
in the big ones they do it jumped again
half an hour later
shortly after he commented that the worst wound
he had suffered in his pride then
Greg Louganis and his coldness of
they executed an almost perfect half jump
deadly back
with such sublime execution he
he became the only diver
Olympian to win gold in two events
and in two summer tracks to the thread
equaling the mark of his compatriot
frank mccormick of the place and retired
after the olympics of Seoul 88
he had four golds to his credit
olympics and one silver six medals
of gold in five Pan American games
World Championships and 47 titles
Nationals of the United States in 1993
he was exalted to the hall of fame
international water sports
in 1994 he took part in the gay games of
new york and he publicly confessed his
homosexual condition one year later with
the publication of his autobiography
entitled breaking the surface greg
announced that he was sick with AIDS and that
when he hit his head with the
trampoline was already seropositive lost the
most of its sponsors
then he devoted himself completely to the theater
and the cinema two of its biggest
passions
in fact the van and graduated in art
dramatic in the california institute in
1999 the second book was published
Luján is the life
javier martínez expert tv effect
sports